TV AND MEDIA AGREEMENT (The American Dream - Power Player - Rick Tancreto )

THIS MEDIA AGREEMENT (“Agreement”), is made and entered into on the date of acceptance from Ignite Now Media/American Dream Media and Tech Holdings, LLC (BROADCASTER), and You, the (MEDIA CLIENT). This Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, commitments, agreements and writings with respect to the subject matter hereof, all such other negotiations, commitments, agreements and writings will have no further force or effect, and the parties to any such other negotiation, commitment, agreement or writing will have no further rights or obligations thereunder.

[WIP FAD HYBRID] DELIVERABLES:
1. Designation “Power Player” on “The American Dream”.

2. Licensing of “The American Dream”, featuring MEDIA CLIENT as a host in your market.

3. Monthly group coaching calls to elevate the impact as a host of the show to your chosen audience.

4. Alignment to a dedicated Client Success Team Representative for:

a. Content Strategy b. Media Coaching c. Content deliverables for repurposing

5. The MEDIA CLIENT will receive from BROADCASTER:

a. Promotional Sizzle Reel (mp4)

b. Copy of your segment isolated (mp4)

c. Vimeo link of the full show featuring your segment

d. National Facebook Viewership Report

e. Invited to join “The American Dream Power Players of Real Estate & Mortgage!” Facebook group.

6. Current Season inclusion of “The American Dream” featured on: Digital Networks (Amazon Fire, Apple TV, or Roku and the American Dream TV Network App) in addition to cable when applicable (Network TBD by BROADCASTER).

7. “The American Dream” Marketing Collateral provided to partner for repurposing, promotion and credibility.

8. Opportunity to invite high-profile guests to leverage the show (referral sources, centers of influence, businesses, etc.).

9. Month to month agreement, Two-Month Cycle.

a. Month #1 - Production, Engagement, Pre-Marketing

b. Month #2 - Show Airing, Distribution, Post-Marketing 

PARTNERSHIP TERMS:
1. The Start Date of this Agreement will be 11/01/23

2. The first monthly partnership payment of this Agreement will be on the start date.

3. The Payment Method from MEDIA CLIENT will be a Credit Card.

4. $1,595  Monthly dues (See attached Card Authorization form; discount applied for six or twelve-month advance payment).

5. Term: Month to Month agreement (two-month cycle), with partnership dues paid monthly.

6. Payment due date/billing will be the 1st of each month.

7. Initial setup fee $1,495.  This one-time charge occurs once you have been accepted as a host by the BROADCASTER. (Licensing your spot on the show & releasing marketing collateral). You will not be charged if you are not chosen as a host.

8. This is not a “pay for play,” model. We are a television show, not a video company. Canceling show appearances, not getting scheduled, not completing your shoot does not constitute or guarantee a rescheduled shoot. It is up to the MEDIA CLIENT to ensure they are scheduled each month and producing show content. This relationship is a monthly partnership fee.

9. MEDIA CLIENT agrees if their bi-monthly deadline (provided by BROADCASTER) passes without any submission of content they are abandoning that shoot for that cycle without the possibility of makeups.

10. There is a no refund policy.

11. With cable networks, shows may be preempted by network cable stations. In the event of a preemption BROADCASTER will reschedule airing at no additional cost to the MEDIA CLIENT.

12. Editing and Production can be subjective. BROADCASTER dictates the final production and editing.

13. BROADCASTER may cancel this agreement at any time.

14. Because of the unique nature of the BROADCASTER and MEDIA CLIENT relationship and the limitation placed on the number of partners in each market, if MEDIA CLIENT wishes to discontinue partnership, a 30-day notice of cancellation is required. This allows for a smooth transition of partners in and out for BROADCASTER.

15. Cancellation of agreement must be completed in writing and verbally with BROADCASTER.

16. MEDIA CLIENT is required to provide a 30 day cancellation notice which would allow the BROADCASTER to charge one more monthly payment and provide services for the 30 day cancellation period.

17. Terms of this agreement are subject to change and bound by our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Summarized Agreement Details:
Agreement start date: 11/01/23

One time set-up fee: $ 1,495

Recurring monthly fee: $ 1,595

(Monthly recurring amount is subject to change based on advance payment options below.)

[[TYPE YOUR NAME TEXT BOX]]

[[Signature Draw/type option]]

Credit Card Authorization - American Dream Media
Providing CC Authorization and signed agreement does not guarantee you a spot on the show. It does put you in the best position to be selected and allows us to do our vetting and due diligence.

PAYMENT OPTIONS & DISCOUNT (check one below):
Advance Payment Options*(required)

Monthly billing (No discount)

6 months advance payment (5% DISCOUNT)

12 months advance payment (10% DISCOUNT)
Amount to be charged at time of acceptence
1,495
Signature*(required)

×
draw(Switch to drawing mode from type mode.) type(Switch to typing mode from draw mode.)
Date Signed
8/19/2025

